[
  {
    "index": 0,
    "markdown": "COMMONS PHOTOGRAPHERS USER GROUP\n\n# Commons Photographers User Group Board meeting notes \u2013 January 23, 2022\n\n## Attendees:\n\n- Ailura (Austria)\n- Filipinayzd (Philippines)\n- Frank Schulenburg (United States)\n- OtuNwachinemere (Nigeria)\n- Shreya.Bhopal (India)\n- Suyash.dwivedi (India)\n- Kwameghana (Ghana)\n\n## Item #1: Introductions\n\nAttendees introduce themselves. Due to connectivity issues, the group decides to move the rest of the meeting to the Zoom chat.\n\n## Item #2: Goals of the user group for 2022\n\nBrainstorming for this year\u2019s activities:\n\n- Clarify the role of the user group with regard to the existing online photo competitions\n- Continue the quarterly meetups with presentations\n- Encourage winning photographers or people who participate in events like Wiki Loves Africa to join our group\n- Skills development workshops (e.g. postprocessing, workshops on Photoshop and Lightroom)",
    "dimensions": {
      "dpi": 200,
      "height": 2339,
      "width": 1656
    },
    "hyperlinks": [],
    "header": null,
    "footer": null,
    "tables": [],
    "images": []
  },
  {
    "index": 1,
    "markdown": "- Publication of photographs in an e-zine\n- Increase the visibility of our user group through posts in the difference language version \"Signposts\"\n- Offer help for people who encounter problems with Commons\n- Help with broken tools like Vicuna Uploader\n- Share resources for personal development\n- Present at Wikimania 2022\n- Meet in real-life in 2023 (planning a real-life meeting this year will be problematic, as the pandemic isn't over yet)\n- Use Facebook to scout for new members and announce events organized by our group\n\n## Item #3: Mode of communication going forward\n\nIt is consensus among the attendees that we'll use Telegram for daily board communication going forward, while invitations and other important items will be sent via email.\n\n## Item #4: Event coordinators role\n\nIt is consensus that Wilsn and Shreya will share the responsibility of being event coordinators for the group going forward.\n\n## Item #5: Next steps\n\n- Date of our first quarterly meetup: March (Shreya will take the lead on organizing a postprocessing workshop; Wilsn had already left the meeting when we discussed this item)\n- Next board meeting date: April\n\nWe'll move the discussion about the exact dates for the two upcoming events to Telegram.\n\n\\*\\*\\*",
    "dimensions": {
      "dpi": 200,
      "height": 2339,
      "width": 1656
    },
    "hyperlinks": [],
    "header": null,
    "footer": null,
    "tables": [],
    "images": []
  }
]