## Page 1

WIKIMEDIA CONFERENCE Feedback Questionnaire — Wikimedia Conference 2018 Email Dear participants of the Wikimedia Conference, Thank you all for joining us here in Berlin and for your participation in the Wikimedia Conference! To improve future Wikimedia Conferences and also share lessons learned with other Wikimedia event organizers, we appreciate your comments and feedback. Please follow this link to fill in the feedback survey, which takes around 10 to 15 minutes: Take the Survey Or copy and paste the URL below into your internet browser: LINK Best regards, Cornelius Cornelius Kibelka Program and Engagement Coordinator (PEC) for the Wikimedia Conference Dear participants of the Wikimedia Conference 2018, Please take a few minutes to give us your valuable feedback on the conference! By filling in this feedback form, you will help to improve the quality and impact of the Wikimedia Conference in the future. We explicitly encourage you to express also critical feedback - if applicable - to gain a realistic picture of the strengths or weaknesses of the conference. The data from this survey will be processed statistically and the results will be published only in an aggregated form, which means that there will be no possibility to identify you or your individual answers. All responses are optional.


## Page 2

(9) WIKIMEDIA CONFERENCE BACKGROUND Q1.1:What is your age? 0 <15 0 15-24 © 25-34 0 35-44 0 45-54 0 55-64 0 >64 Q1.2:What is your gender? [Text entry field] Q2: For how many years have you approximately been occupied with the Wikimedia movement? o<1 01-3 04-6 07-9 0 10-12 0 >12 Q3: Are you: o Wikimedia volunteer or o paid staff (Wikimedia organization) or © other: Q4: What is your main affiliation? o Wikimedia Chapter o Wikimedia Thematic Organization o Wikimedia User Group o Wikimedia Foundation o FDC/Simple APG committee o AffCom ° other: o Does not apply Q5: Have you attended last year’s Wikimedia Conference in Berlin? [Filter Question for ‘Look back’ question block] e Yes e No Q6: How many times (including this year) have you attended the Wikimedia Conference (formerly known as Chapters’ Meeting)? e 1st time 2nd time 3rd time 4th time Sth time 6th or more Q7: Your travel and accommodation costs were covered by... e Your affiliation e Wikimedia Foundation e NA LOOK BACK [Filter: This block is only displayed if participants attended last year’s conference, too (Q5)]


## Page 3

(9) WIKIMEDIA CONFERENCE Q8.1: If you reflect on last year’s Wikimedia Conference and your activities in the time between WMCON17 and WMCON‘18: To what extent do you agree or disagree to the following statements? Strongly Agree Disagree Strongly Agree Disagree The 2017 conference led to tangible outcomes for me and my ° ° ° ° work in the Wikimedia movement. The 2017 conference played an important role in the Movement ° ° ° ° Strategy process. Q8.2 Did you pursue any concrete initiatives that you joined or started in the aftermath of last year’s conference? e Yes e@ No [Filter: If yes, display:] Q8.3 Which initiative(s) did you pursue? (Please give examples) [Large text entry field] CONTENT Q9: Regarding the 2018 Wikimedia Conference: To what extent do you agree or disagree to the following statements? The conference... Strongly Agree Agree Disagree Strongly Disagre e Q9.1 ... improved my understanding of partnerships in ° ° ° ° the context of the Wikimedia movement. Q9.2 ___... helped me to gain applicable knowledge / ° ° ° ° improved my capacities. Q9.3___... made clear the significance of sharing and ° ° ° ° collaboration in the Wikimedia movement. Q9.4 ___... was suitable for my background and experience. ° ° ° ° Q9.5 __... provided useful information for me and my ° ° ° ° organization. Q9.6 __... contributed to reaching a shared understanding ° ° ° ° of the future of our movement. Q9.7__... gave me the opportunity to exchange ideas with ° ° ° ° others on movement issues. Q9.8 _ ... led to clearly defined next steps and documented ° ° ° ° outcomes.


## Page 4

(9) WIKIMEDIA CONFERENCE Q10: From your perspective: What were the three main benefits of attending the conference? 1: [Text entry field 1] 2: [Text entry field 2] 3: [Text entry field 3] Q11: Regarding your expectations before the conference: My expectations towards the conference... © were exceeded o were met © were not entirely met © were not met PROGRAM Q12: How satisfied were you with the following aspects of the conference? Very Satisfied Less Not Satisfied Satisfied — satisfied Q12.1 Overall scope and selection of the conference topics ° ° ° ° Q12.2 Number of conference participants ° ° ° ° Q12.3. Composition of the audience (organizations, groups and ° ° ° ° stakeholders that were invited) Q12.4 Quality of contributions ° ° ° ° Q12.5 Call to action, definition of next steps ° ° ° ° Q12.6 Conference facilitation by the facilitators during the ° ° ° ° conference Q12.7 Communication regarding the program design process ° ° ° ° before the conference Q12.8 Session formats ° ° ° ° Q12.9 Overall flow and choreography of the conference ° ° ° ° Q13: Further remarks on content and program of the conference: [Large Text entry field]


## Page 5

WIKIMEDIA CONFERENCE NETWORKING Q14: How many new working contacts (in terms of people with whom you expect to have online or offline collaboration on movement issues or activities in the future) did you make at the conference? None 1-5 6-10 11-20 21-30 more than 30 Q15a: Meeting the all those Wikimedia people at the conference... Strongly Agree Disagree Strongly Agree Disagree Q15.1 ... helped me join or start an initiative or ° ° ° ° partnership Q15.2 ... helped me share my knowledge with other ° ° ° ° Wikimedians Q15.3 ... helped me to gain knowledge from other ° ° ° ° Wikimedians Q15.4 ... helped me to reduce tensions and ° ° ° ° misunderstandings with other participants Q15.5 ... helped me get a better understanding of each ° ° ° ° other's views about our movement Q15.6 ... helped me make new friends ° ° ° ° [Filter: Only displayed if Q15.1 “helped me join or start an initiative or partnership” is rated “strongly agree/ agree”) Q15b: You just said that meeting all those Wikimedia people at the conference also helped you to join or start an initiative or partnership. Can you provide a short example of an initiative or partnership you joined or started at the conference? [Text entry field] Q16: Have you participated in the “Buddy project” of the conference (building pairs of newcomers and more experienced conference participants)? e Yes e No [Filter: only displayed if Q16="yes”] Q16a: In which role have you participated in the “Buddy project”? e Asanewcomer to the conference e Asamore experienced conference participant [Filter: only displayed if Q16a="Newcomer’] Q16b: To what extent did the “Buddy project” help you to take full advantage of the conference and have a good experience? e Alot © = Quite a bit


## Page 6

(9) WIKIMEDIA CONFERENCE e Alittle e None [Filter: only displayed if Q16a="More experienced”] Q16b: From your perspective, to what extent did the “Buddy project” help newcomers to take full advantage of the conference and have a good experience? A lot Quite a bit A little None [Filter: only displayed if Q16a="more experienced”] Q16c: How likely would you take part in such a buddy project at Wikimedia conferences in the future? Definitely will Probably will Probably will not Definitely will not [Filter: only displayed if Q16="yes”] Q16d: Do you have any suggestions or comments to improve the concept of the Buddy Project for future conferences? [Large text entry field] ORGANIZATIONAL ASPECTS Q17: How would you rate the following organizational aspects of the conference? Excellent Good Poor Very Poor Q17.1 Support from WMCON logistics team before the conference ° ° ° ° Q17.2 Support from the WMCON travel team/travel agency (if ° ° ° ° applicable) Q17.3 Support from WMCON logistics team during the conference ° ° ° ° Q17.4 Conference venue ° ° ° ° Q17.5 Accommodation at the Mercure hotel (if applicable) ° ° ° ° Q17.7 Conference catering ° ° ° ° Q17.8 Atmosphere at the conference ° ° ° ° Q17.9 Support from WMCON travel team with visa formalities (if ° ° ° ° applicable) Q17.10 Saturday's party ° ° ° ° Q18: Further remarks on organizational aspects: [Large Text entry field]


## Page 7

WIKIMEDIA CONFERENCE OVERALL EVALUATION Excellent Good Poor Q19: What is your overall rating of the conference? ° ° ° Q20: Do you have anything else you like to share with us? (open) [Large Text entry field] Very poor ° Thank you very much!
